                   +--------------------------------------+
                   |           Partition Saving           |
                   |                                      |
                   |   http://www.partition-saving.com    |
                   | Copyright (c) 1999-2012 D. Guibouret |
                   +--------------------------------------+

                               Evolutions list

This file gives list of versions of Partition saving with main evolutions.

  1- V1.00 -> V2.00
  2- V2.00 -> V2.10
  3- V2.10 -> V2.20
  4- V2.20 -> V2.21
  5- V2.21 -> V2.22
  6- V2.22 -> V2.30
  7- V2.30 -> V2.40
  8- V2.40 -> V2.50
  9- V2.50 -> V2.60
 10- V2.60 -> V2.70
 11- V2.70 -> V2.80
 12- V2.80 -> V2.90
 13- V2.90 -> V2.91
 14- V2.91 -> V3.00
 15- V3.00 -> V3.01
 16- V3.01 -> V3.10
 17- V3.10 -> V3.11
 18- V3.11 -> V3.20
 19- V3.20 -> V3.30
 20- V3.30 -> V3.40
 21- V3.40 -> V3.50
 22- V3.50 -> V3.60
 23- V3.60 -> V3.70
 24- V3.70 -> V3.71
 25- V3.71 -> V3.80
 26- V3.80 -> V3.90
 27- V3.90 -> V4.00


1- V1.00 -> V2.00
-----------------

Evolutions made are:

  - add of management of more than 8 Gb hard disk.
  - add of data compression.
  - add of several files saving capability.
  - interface change.

Remark:
-------
All these modifications do that it is not possible to restore with V2.00
version files created with V1.00 version (and reciprocally).


2- V2.00 -> V2.10
-----------------

Evolutions made are:

  - all language versions are into the same file with language recognition at
    beginning of execution.
  - some changes are made into interface: use of arrow keys to go from one
    element to another, add of arrows into scrollbar of listboxes.
  - add of mouse use.
  - add of batch mode.
  - add of deflate level choice (was to the maximum into previous version).

Remark:
-------
All these modifications do not concern file format. So it is possible to use
files created with version 2.00 (and version 2.00 can use file created with
version 2.10).


3- V2.10 -> V2.20
-----------------

Evolutions made are:

  - add of possibility to save only occupied sectors for partitions with
    FAT12, FAT16, FAT32 (DOS/Windows) and ext2 (Linux) filesystem.
  - add of an option into batch file for this new possibility.
  - add of possibility to restore partitions from which only occupied sectors
    have been saved, on partitions with different size and that are on disk
    with different format.
  - add of copypart.exe util.
  - some change made into interface.

Remark:
-------
This version is able to restore files created with previous versions (V2.00
and V2.10).
If all sectors of a partition are saved, created file format is not modified,
so file can be restored with previous version program (V2.00 and V2.10).
If only occupied sectors are saved, it is not possible to use this file with
previous version of program (you will get an "Bad compression format" error).


4- V2.20 -> V2.21
-----------------

Evolutions made are:

  - correction of a problem due to that some CD readers/writers are identified
    as hard disk. Hard disk detection is now more restrictive (if somebody see
    that its hard disk is no more detected, please inform me).
  - correction of a bug for hard disk with standard access that have at least
    two logical partitions in the same extended partition. This bug does that
    partitions after the first logical one were not detected on V2.00 and
    V2.10 versions and a "Page fault" error on V2.20 version.
  - correction in case of bad sectors: from 0 to 126 sectors following this
    bad one can be not read/written. Now they are.
  - add of "quit" and "reboot" options in options file in order to
    automatically exit program at end of execution and to reboot computer.
  - change of interface when asking for saving file name: now a second window
    gives you partition size and free space on each drive.
  - an estimation of remaining time is given in saving/restoring/copying
    window.


5- V2.21 -> V2.22
-----------------

Evolutions made are:

  - correction of hard disk detection in order to detect again some disks that
    were considered as CD-reader.
  - correction in the case a drive is not considered as a hard disk: following
    hard disks have a bad number.
  - correction of reboot.
  - add of window displaying search of last occupied sector in the case where
    only occupied sectors are saved.
  - add of a warning in case the file created/acceded is on the partition
    saved/restored.

Remark:
-------
Evolutions made on hard disks detection for 2.21 and 2.22 versions can in some
case do that an hard disk is not the same has the one in the saved file if
this one has been created with a version preceding the 2.21 one. If only
occupied sectors have been saved, this does not have any consequence, but in
the case where all sectors have been saved, it can generate an "No partition
agrees with one saved into file" error. In this case you have to use the
version you have used to create the file.


6- V2.22 -> V2.30
-----------------

Evolutions made are:

  - a new correction on disk detection.
  - a correction on DOS drive letter attribution in case there was several
    main DOS partition on the same disk.
  - a new option to avoid check that created/read file is on partition
    saved/restored.
  - use of a new version of compiler and development environment that have
    better compatibility with Windows 2000 and XP.
  - availability to save only occupied sectors for NTFS partitions.
  - correction on free size on DOS drive when there was more than 2Gb of free
    space.
  - compatibility between partitions of the same type (partitions that have
    the same filesystem are considered as compatible).
  - if in batch mode, several files are needed when restoring and are on a
    removable media, program asks for next media in place of generating a
    "file not found" error and asking for next file.
  - changes into documentation and zip file structure.
  - some changes into GUI.

Remark:
-------
This version is able to restore files created with previous versions. Reverse
is true also, but not in case where only occupied sectors of NTFS partition
were saved (using a previous version on such a file will return a "Bad
filesystem format" error when opening file).


7- V2.30 -> V2.40
-----------------

Evolutions made are:

  - merge of the 3 programs into one and use of UPX (executable compressor) to
    reduce size. Add of window asking for action to do and of action options
    (-c|-d|-r|-s|-t).
  - add of console type user interface (-cui option) to solve some blocking
    problems on some computers.
  - correction of code to allow using batch mode when saving NTFS partitions.
  - changes in order to use copy of sector in case some FAT sectors are
    incorrect when saving only occupied sectors of FAT partition.

Remark:
-------
This version is able to restore files created with previous versions. Reverse
is true also. Nevertheless, if you have got some bad sectors when saving only
occupied sectors of FAT partition, it is better to do this saving again with
this version (as long as you do not change disk, previous saving will work,
but the day you change your disk, it is possible that it does not work any
more).


8- V2.40 -> V2.50
-----------------

Evolutions made are:

  - selected button is flanked by ">" and "<" to avoid potential confusion
    when only two buttons are displayed.
  - a driver is added to read saved file containing FAT partition from DOS as
    if it is a partition.
  - an option has been added to allow saving a FAT partition on itself.
  - batch file has been modified to take into account this new availability.
  - "reboot" option of batch file is also taked into account when saving.
  - ext3 partitions are taken into account as ext2 partitions if journal is
    created on the same partition.

Remark:
-------
This version is able to restore files created with previous versions. Reverse
is true also.


9- V2.50 -> V2.60
-----------------

Evolutions made are:

  - saving/restoring a whole disk, master boot record, first sectors of disk
    and partition table is available.
  - writing data on disk is always checked. That slow down restoring but
    allows to check that disk is not broken.
  - DOS drive detecting is modified such as network drive will be found again
    with some network drivers.
  - driver is corrected to avoid that computer hangs in case a program does
    not close all files that it used on simulated partition.
  - one of the paramaters of NTFS boot sector is modified in case a NTFS
    partition is restored on a partition which is not the same as the origin
    one (this parameter is said unused by Microsoft but is used during boot
    sequence).
  - add of a check that first chosen file cannot have the same name than
    another file when using automatic naming to avoid it to be erased.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also, but not in case of saving disk, MBR, first sectors of disk or partition
table (using a previous version on such a file will return a "Bad filesystem
format" error when opening file). When disk use a standard access method, it
can also occurs that files created with this version cannot be restored with a
previous version.


10- V2.60 -> V2.70
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - saving/restoring floppy disk is available.
  - saving/restoring DOS devices that can be accessed using sectors is
    available.
  - parts of code that use floating point unit have been modified to no more
    use if such as program can be used on 386 and 486SX that do not have a
    floating point unit.
  - in case a unexpected error appears, error message has more data such has I
    I can find where error comes from.
  - add of check that files are correctly written (by use of DOS VERIFY flag).
  - add of -nvd and -nvf options (and their equivalent into option file) to
    disable the check that sectors and files are correctly written.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also, but not in case of saving floppy disk or DOS device (using a previous
version on such a file will return a "Bad support type" error when opening
file).


11- V2.70 -> V2.80
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - for disk with extended access, use of standard access parameters when
    modifying boot sector of a FAT or NTFS partition instead of extended
    access parameters. This correction can explain why in some cases, running
    SYS.COM program is needed after restoring a FAT partition and why "NTLDR
    missing" message appears after restoring NTFS partition.
  - correction of an error when restoring partition table: not only partition
    table part of restored sectors is set, but also signature that signal it
    as a partition sector. This can avoid the good reading of partition table.
  - correction of an error when restoring NTFS partition on a partition with a
    different size: size of file telling which sectors are occupied was
    updated only at one place, when it is present at 2 places. This seemed to
    have no influence on Windows behaviour.
  - add of -bui option that allows having an user interface similar to the
    default one but with a better compatibility. Counterpart it is slower.
  - add of -cm and -pm options to have two way to use mouse: -cm is the
    default one and use a specific function of mouse driver (function that
    cannot be present), -pm use a method with a better compatibility but that
    can miss some double click events (it is the default method for Windows
    NT/XP).

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also.
Because of the first correction, restoring partition can appear as different
as origin one even if it is the same. In this case and if you have saved all
sectors (and so no partition will match), you will be obliged to use the same
version as the one you use for saving. If you have saved only occupied
sectors, there will be theorically no differences.


12- V2.80 -> V2.90
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - modifying Windows 2000/XP registry to update partition definition when a
    partition is moved is available.
  - modifying the BOOTSECT.DOS file to update it when a bootable partition
    used into Windows XP multiboot is moved is available.
  - a correction when restoring a NTFS partition on a partition with another
    size to update size of file listing bad clusters. The fact that this file
    does not have a correct size previously seems to have no consequence on
    filesystem. Warning: only size is updated, file is not modified to reflect
    bad clusters in more or less.
  - add of "automatic_naming" option into option file that allows getting
    automatic naming when using option file.
  - add of use of environment variable into option file.
  - maximum filesize can now be given in kb if free space on drive is less
    than 10 Mb. This case can be useful to save small elements (MBR, partition
    table) on floppy disk. Option file is modified to be able to add unit of
    size (in Mb as default).
  - change of a parameter into file header when saving a floppy disk to set it
    compatible with driver use. This parameter is only used in this case, so
    compatibility is insured with file created with previous versions for
    others program options.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also.
Because of adding environment variable use into option file, if an old option
file has a '%' into an option, it can be incorrectly read (you have to double
the '%' to get it working).


13- V2.90 -> V2.91
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - support of very fragmented NTFS partitions. These partitions can now be
    saved with saving occupied only sectors when the whole partition should be
    saved before.
  - change of update of backup descriptor sectors on ext2 partitions. Update
    is now done with using original sector definition instead of their own
    definition because it seems not to be updated when using partition.
  - change into interface when updating registry entries for the ask of driver
    lettre to set to chosen partition. Instead of having to give the drive
    letter, program shows you list of drive letter it can modify.
  - a correction to avoid option file creation to be asked when doing a save
    with an option file using the "automatic_naming" option.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also. But in case of very fragmented NTFS partition, it is obvious that
previous version will not be able to restore file created with this version.
It is also to be noticed that you can get a little difference on file size
between this version and previous one when saving NTFS partition, this is not
a problem and does not disallow file compatibility.


14- V2.91 -> V3.00
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - saving file can now be written on NTFS partitions by using mounting
    mechanism. By using this option you can also save a NTFS partition on
    itself. File must have been created before from Windows because program is
    not able to create files on NTFS partitions.
  - add of option to create files on NTFS partitions from Windows to be able
    to use them when performing save.
  - not saving swap files contents is now available for FAT and NTFS
    partitions.
  - add of all options into option file to take into account these new
    features ("mount=", "nb_files=" and "swap_dir="). Add of "max" value for
    "max_size=" option to use minimum size between free disk size and 2047 Mb.
  - add of forcing of FAT16 and FAT32 partitions check after restoring them in
    case they were saved on themselves. This is not available for FAT12
    partitions, so you have to perform this check by yourself. This is not
    needed for NTFS partitions.
  - a correction to avoid creating option file to be requested when performing
    a save with option file in which filenames are not absolute pathname.
  - use of zlib compression library 1.2.2.
  - some changes into user interface.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also but not for partitions that were saved on themselves or without swap
files. Restoring a FAT partition that was saved on itself by a previous
version does not enable the automatic check, so you will have to perform it by
yourself.


15- V3.00 -> V3.01
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - display order of partition is modified: they are now ordered as they
    appear on disk instead of being displaying in partition table order (this
    does not change their numbering into options file, it is only screen
    displaying that is modified).
  - a buffer overflow correction when displaying DOS devices list.
  - NTFS driver correction to take into account some files that are into a
    zone that was considered as being reserved to filesystem until now.
  - opening of file that are only read in read mode instead of opening them in
    read/write mode.
  - use of zlib compression library version 1.2.3.
  - update of documentation (use of corrected version of english manual done
    by Ralph Ball and rewrite of HOWTO).

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also.


16- V3.01 -> V3.10
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - reset of bad sectors information in case a partition is restored on a
    different partition than source one.
  - add of option to perform manually this reset in case partition seems
    strictelly the same despite a disk change.
  - mount of FAT/ext2 partitions in read/write mode with availability to
    create files on them.
  - availability to save an ext2 partition on itself.
  - add of on-line help.
  - correction of a bug in case of a NTFS V1.2 partition (NT <= 4) transformed
    to NTFS V3.x (2000/XP) that is restored to the minimum allowed size
    partition authorised for this restoration: last cluster was changed from
    occupied to free.
  - regression correction that did that file names were requested instead of
    media change when restoring a partition from several removable medias.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also but not for ext2 partitions that were saved on themselves.


17- V3.10 -> V3.11
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - correction of a bug when restoring a NTFS partition to a partition
    different from source one but with a similar size: several clusters can
    wrongly be marked as occupied. This error exists since version 2.91 and
    for those having used one of these versions into these conditions, problem
    can be corrected with executing chkdsk on partition. It shall be noticed
    that files created with versions 2.91 to 3.10 are correct, it is restoring
    phase that was erroneous.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also.


18- V3.11 -> V3.20
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - add of explorer to view content of an existing partition, edit or copy its
    files.
  - add of -e option that corresponds to previous change.
  - add of -tuix and -buix options to use video mode with more lines (43 or 50
    instead of 25).
  - a correction such as file modification date on NTFS partition is updated
    when this file is modified.
  - a correction to avoid program to terminate abnormally when entering a
    wrong directory name on a mounted partition.
  - some changes into interface.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also.


19- V3.20 -> V3.30
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - add of option to explore backup files.
  - add of option to extract only a partition or occupied sectors of a
    partition when copying a backup file in case it contains all sectors.
  - computed saving time is based on only occupied sectors when this option is
    chosen (restoring time is still computed as if all sectors are occupied).
  - add of "vmmhiber.w9x" (Windows Millenium hibernation file) as a swap file
    for FAT partitions.
  - add of sparse file support when exploring ext2/ext3 filesystem.
  - add of "gmt", "max_mem_size", "empty_files", "ask_first_media" and
    "stdaccess" options into configuration file. The last one shall not be
    used unless you know what you do (you can loose the content of a whole
    disk in case it is badly used).

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also.


20- V3.30 -> V3.40
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - add of option to update boot configuration data (the way boot is managed
    into Vista in replacement of BOOT.INI).
  - add of -e option corresponding to previous change, with associated options
    into options file.
  - add of options to be able to copy elements trough options file.
  - some changes to take into account some FreeDos incompatibilities in how
    drive existance is checked and automatic language detection.
  - change to avoid using 100% of CPU when waiting for some input from user.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also.


21- V3.40 -> V3.50
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - it's the first available Windows version (that does not mean that DOS
    version disappear). It shall be noticed that it can save system partition
    only if this is done from another Windows installation or from a WinPE or
    BartPE CD.
  - add of an option to replace a boot sector or a superblock by its copy.
  - add of an option to modify disk physical definition into a boot sector.
  - add of an option to avoid checking free drive space when creating backup
    file (if you have a driver that reports a wrong free size).
  - add of option to save boot sector or superblock only of a partition.
  - add of command line and options file options to take these new functions
    into account.
  - a better search and handling of boot sector copy for NTFS 1.2 partitions
    (NT <= 3.51).
  - bad sectors are no more saved when saving occupied sectors only for NTFS
    and ext2/ext3 partitions (this was already the case for FAT partitions).
  - when saving a partition on itself, using DOS drive letter of saved
    partition to create backup file is no more available, you have to use the
    mount mechanism for the saved partition.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also.


22- V3.50 -> V3.60
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - availability to save MBR and first sectors of disk in Windows version.
  - availability to read/write file using NTFS compression mechanism when
    mounting NTFS partition (but modified part of files is not compressed).
  - add of option to know why a support cannot be chosen as destination to
    restore a backup.
  - "reboot=" option into options file works with Windows version when used
    from Windows NT/XP/....
  - add of "386spart.par" as swap file (used by Windows 3.1).
  - availability to change the first sector value in boot sector if this value
    is wrong when choosing option to fix FAT or NTFS boot sector.
  - add of "fix_first_sector=" option into options files.
  - change of way drives are detected in DOS version to avoid an error message
    in case floppy drive is used through the B: letter.
  - a correction in Windows version to disallow mounting a partition both as a
    partition and a Windows drive.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also.


23- V3.60 -> V3.70
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - it's the first available Linux version. It shall be noticed that as for
    Windows version it can save system partition only if this is done from
    another Linux installation or from a liveCD.
  - availability to save partitions table and all sectors of disks in Windows
    version. This can be done only if the used Windows version is at least
    Windows XP.
  - availability to load an options file from user interface with being able
    to view it before. Once the file is loaded, you come back to the screen to
    choose what you want to do.
  - availability to add a comment into options file when it is created.
  - when the maximum file size is requested on backup, you can choose this
    size into a list with some predefined values.
  - add of searching maximum disk size with relying on partitions table
    content. Depending on used OS, disks size can be slightly different. In
    this case, previous program versions could find partitions table to be
    wrong in case it defines some partition bigger than disk size (if it was
    created from an OS where disk seems to be bigger than for current OS).
    With this new mechanism, program tries to read last sectors to check if
    partitions table is valid or not (note: because of way disk are managed
    depending on OS, this modification will certainly change something only
    for DOS version). This search is not on by default (see "-tds" options to
    enable it).
  - add of "-tds" option to enable disk size detection with relying on
    partition table content. This is needed only if no partition appears when
    getting list of what can be saved/restored.
  - add of "test_disk_size=" option into options file that is similar to using
    "-tds" on command line.
  - remove of a check when detecting disk that could lead to not see some USB
    disk accessed through BIOS. Depending on order of declaration of disks in
    BIOS, this can modify disk numbering (if USB disk is before other disks).
  - add of "only_if_same=" option into options file to perform a restore/copy
    only if destination seems to be similar to the source (it has same
    physical definition).
  - files using extended access rights on ext2/ext3 partition can be read
    (this changes something when exploring partition only, saving/restoring
    does not have any constraint with these files).

Remarks:
--------

  - Because of -tds option add, disk size can be different from the one found
    by previous versions for disks using standard access (those of less than 8
    Gb used on old motherboards) because in previous versions, default mode
    was as if option is used. If you cannot restore a backup done with a
    previous version on this type of disk or if partitions do no more appear,
    you have to use this option.
  - Less for above constraint, this version can restore files created with
    previous versions. Reverse is true also.


24- V3.70 -> V3.71
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - A correction to a regression that disallow opening files when using DOS
    version within Windows NT/2000/XP/...
  - Add of a workaround to a problem in DOS network redirector that remove the
    distant directory if this one is empty.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also.


25- V3.71 -> V3.80
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - Add of ext4 filesystem support.
  - Change to allow updating drive letter into registry on Windows Seven.
  - Add of a new way to designate partition to save/restore and partition
    where to put backup file (-fp, -fd, -ff and -fnc options).
  - Change to disable write verification as a default on DOS version. This
    does DOS version to be similar to Windows and Linux ones, improve speed
    and avoid getting errors with some USB drives. You can enable this option
    back through the -vd and -vf options.
  - Change to have a better estimation of remaining time when performing
    restoration when restoring a partition where only occupied sectors were
    saved (with counting saved sectors only instead considering whole
    partition size). This change is active only with files created by this
    version (with files created with previous versions, remaining time
    estimation will still be wrong).
  - Change to no more complain in case it remains less free size on disk than
    requested maximum size but this free size is enough to store the remaining
    size to save (only when using options file or automatic naming and when
    several files are needed).
  - Correction of restoration of ext2/ext3 partitions using the resize inode
    feature when this partition is restored to a partition bigger than source
    one. Until this version, the resize inode feature was not updated leading
    to its corruption. If you have done this type of restoration, you have to
    run e2fsck to check your partition. You can use this version to restore a
    partition saved with a previous version without encountering this problem
    (problem is linked to restoration, it is not inside backup file).
  - Correction of Linux version to allow using partition with number between
    10 and 19 when saving first partition (or between 20 and 29 when saving
    second partion and so on) (ex: hda10 could not be used to store backup
    files when saving hda1).
  - Correction of Linux version to have a correct free memory size in case
    having more than 4 Gb memory.
  - Correction to avoid first file to be 20 bytes more than requested maximum
    size.
  - Add of -beep option to do regular beeps during backup.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
for backup of partitions where all sectors were saved, but previous versions
cannot restore backup created with this version for partitions where only
occupied sectors are saved because of change to improve restoration estimation
time.


26- V3.80 -> V3.90
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - add of support for GUID partitions table (GPT). This type of partitions
    table will be needed for more than 2 Tb disks.
  - a change when restoring MBR and MBR partitions table: the disk identifier
    stored into MBR is restored when restoring the partitions table (previous
    versions restore it when restoring the MBR). This is because disk
    identifier is linked to partitions table (as it is used to identify
    partitions) and to have the same behaviour between MBR and GPT partitions
    tables.
  - add of -force command line option to disable some checks done by program
    on restoration, but this option shall be used with care as it can result
    in wrong result.
  - add of check_files_exist= option in options file to check that files exist
    before restoring a backup (thus avoiding getting an error in middle of
    process in case a file is missing).
  - use of 1.2.5 zlib version.
  - launch of new console at start of program in Windows version to disable
    the quick edit mode (thus allowing using mouse). This can be disabled with
    using the "-term no" command line option.
  - change of Linux binaries extension from ".exe" to ".run" as some
    distributions treat ".exe" files as compressed files.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also, less for backup of GUID partitions table.


27- V3.90 -> V4.00
------------------

Evolutions made are:

  - add of raw files treatment: some files could be considered as image of
    supports (as obtained through "dd") and be saved and restored. The
    corresponding options have been added.
  - taking into account that disk can be not partitioned (as not partitioned
    USB key that are too big to be considered as floppy).
  - change of Linux version to support terminal with UTF-8 display and add of
    the corresponding option.
  - add of support of more support in Linux version: use of block devices:
    /dev/ataraid, /dev/iseries, /dev/ccisss, /dev/mapper, /dev/md/md_d,
    /dev/md/d, /dev/md_d, /dev/sx8, /dev/md, /dev/rd in addition to already
    supported ones. If /etc/auto.master or /etc/autofs/auto.master file
    exists, it is used to get a list of automatically mounted supports (with
    considering only simple mount, not network nor scripted ones). If
    /dev/fuse file (automatic mount in user space) exists, all devices are
    displayed without them to appear in /etc/fstab.
  - change of UTF-16 characters displaying: instead of being <code based on
    value>, it is <numeric value of character in hexadecimal>. This does that
    if an option file uses a name with old format, it will no more be
    supported (such a coding can appear in filenames and in boot entry name).
    This does not change anything to backup files.
  - change of "beep" option to allow defining delay between 2 beeps.
  - change of "fix_first_sector" option to allow defining the first sector
    value.
  - change of "force" option for it to allow testing all filesystem types on a
    partition even if they are not one coherent with partition type.
  - add of a check box when filling options file comment to not store full
    path to created files such as options file can be used even if files are
    moved as long as Partition-Saving is launched from directory where backup
    files are.
  - add of logging capability to store all error messages in a file. There is
    no real reason to use this in most cases as it will slow down copy and
    could generate a very big file in case of damaged disk.
  - change of behaviour when "quit=yes" option is given in options file:
    previously in case of fatal error, user had to click on "Ok" to end; now
    program exits. If you want to keep previous behaviour, you have to use the
    "quit=nobadsector" option instead. Please note that on Linux and Windows
    versions you will still need to press "Enter" key else the terminal could
    be closed before you can read the message.

Remark:
-------
This version can restore files created with previous versions. Reverse is true
also, less for backup of raw files.

------
All trademarks and registered trademarks are property of their respective
holders.
